00:13
COMM: The brainchild of Michael Vetter, this
the ETV, or Extra Terrestrial Vehicle. Born
in Naples and raised in Germany, Michael owns
The Car Factory in Micco, Florida. and he's
been turning out six to eight custom cars
a year for the last fifteen years.
00:35
COMM: After he became a father, Michael tried
to design a sports car with a backseat. The
futuristic looking result is the ETV car.
The first ETV car began with a Chevrolet Aveo
at it's base. but now Michael uses whatever
donor car customers supply him with. And these
have included Porches, Renaults and Toyotas.
01:01
COMM: The first step is to extend the chassis
to create a longer wheelbase. A new body frame
of tubular steel is added and then clad in
a custom fibreglass skin. Along with a whole
range of specially made parts.
01:19
COMM: All of the vehicles are capable of highway
speeds, with many being comfortable at 100mph.
01:31
COMM: Prices start at $75,000 with an average
custom build costing around 95,000. However
some of Michael's unique concept cars have
sold for over $250,000.
01:45
COMM: Each car takes a minimum of six months
to create. With one off concept builds taking
at least
a year.